

1.Write a C  Program to display a paragraph using one variable
This is a sample paragraph.
           It consists of multiple lines.
           Each line will be displayed separately.
2.Write a C  Program to display a paragraph using variable 
This is a paragraph about Tops.
 Tops is 12 years old and lives in Surat.
 He enjoys coding in his free time.



3.Write a C  Program to display a paragraph using variable
Myself Harish Thirani, I hail from the city of Secunderabad which is located in Hyderabad, as Telangana district.
I recently graduated from Osmania University with a Bachelor of Commerce (Computer Application).
Well, I am looking forward to commencing my career in this role. I am seeking an entry-level position to uplift my skills and strengthen my experience.
As I am committed to perpetual learning, I will contribute positively to the organization.
And have a desire to work in a structured environment well, I am excited to begin my path of success and take on new challenges.
Thank you.

4.Write a C  Program to display a paragraph without variable 
1. println 
2. println 
1. print 2. Print (must be written in two different syso)

5.Write a C  program to print a person's full name using only character variables.

6.Ramesh’s basic salary is 50000 . His dearness allowance is 40% of basic salary, and house rent allowance is 20% of basic salary. Write a program to calculate his gross salary.
	1.What you have (data)
		eg: double bs=50000;
	2. Calculation 
		double da= bs*0.4;
		double hra=bs*0.2;
	3. What the program want
		double gs= bs+da+hra;
		syso(“Your Gross is :”+gs)

7. The distance between two cities (in km.) is 500. Write a program to convert and print this distance in meters, feet, inches and centimeters.

 8.If the marks obtained by a student in five different subjects are math=62,science=74,English=85,Social Science=41,hindi=63 , find out the aggregate marks and percentage marks obtained by the student. Assume that the maximum marks that can be obtained by a student in each subject is 100.
9.Temperature of a city in Fahrenheit degrees 85 F. Write a program to convert this temperature into Centigrade degrees.
10. The length & breadth of a rectangle and radius of a circle are
15 & 20. Write a program to calculate the








area & perimeter of the rectangle, and the area &
circumference of the circle.
11. Two numbers are C=10 and D=20. Write a program to interchange the contents of C and D.
12. If a five-digit number is 12345, write a
program to calculate the sum of its digits.
(Hint: Use the modulus operator ‘%’)

13.If a five-digit number 12345, write a
program to reverse the number.
14.If a four-digit number is 1234, write a
program to obtain the sum of the first and last digit of this
number.
15.In a town, the percentage of men is 52. The percentage of
total literacy is 48. If total percentage of literate men is 35 of
the total population, write a program to find the total number
of illiterate men and women if the population of the town is
80,000.

16.   A cashier has currency notes of denominations 10, 50 and
100. If the amount to be withdrawn 
in hundreds is 1590, find the total number of currency notes
of each denomination the cashier will have to give to the
withdrawer.
17.   If the total selling price of 15 items and the total profit earned
on them 1500, write a program to
find the cost price of one item.
18.   If a five-digit number is 12345, write a
program to print a new number by adding one to each of its
digits. For example if the number that is input is 12391 then
the output should be displayed as 23402.

Chapter 2: Condition
If the cost price is 10 and selling price is 15 of an item is input through the keyboard, write a program to determine whether the seller has made profit or incurred loss. Also determine how much profit he made or loss he incurred.
 The number is 67. Write a program to find out whether it is an odd number or even number.
The year is 2025. Write a program to determine whether the year is a leap year or not. (Hint: Use the % (modulus) operator).
According to the Gregorian calendar, it was Monday on the date 01/01/1900. If the year is 2025, write a program to find out what is the day on 1st January of this year. 
A five-digit number 12345 and 12321. Write a program to obtain the reversed number and to determine whether the original and reversed numbers are equal or not. 
If the ages of Ram, Shyam and Ajay are 12,15,7, write a program to determine the youngest of the three. 
Write a program to check whether a triangle is valid or not, when the three angles of the triangle are . A triangle is valid if the sum of all the three angles is equal to 180 degrees.



				Array
How do you declare and initialize an array in C ? Provide examples.


Write a C  program to find the largest and smallest element in an array.


Write a C  method to find the sum and average of all elements in an integer array.


How would you copy one array into another in C ?


Write a program to reverse the elements of an array without using an additional array.


What is the difference between int[] arr and int arr[] in C ?


How do you find the length of an array? Is it a method or a variable?


Write a C  program to count the frequency of each element in an array.


What happens when you access an array index that is out of bounds?


Write a C  function to check whether two arrays are equal.
Write a C  program to remove duplicate elements from an array.


How can you sort an array in C  without using built-in sort methods?


Write a C  program to perform left and right rotations on an array.


Explain how to merge two sorted arrays into a single sorted array.


Write a program to find the second largest element in an array.


Write a method to find common elements between two arrays.


What are the differences between Arrays and ArrayList in C ?


How do you insert an element at a specific position in an array?


Write a program to find the first repeating and first non-repeating element in an array.


Explain the difference between shallow copy and deep copy with respect to arrays.
Write a C  program to find a subarray with the maximum sum (Kadane’s Algorithm).


How would you rotate a matrix (2D array) 90 degrees clockwise?


Find the missing number in an array of size n containing numbers from 1 to n+1.


Given an array containing only 0s, 1s, and 2s, sort it without using a sorting algorithm.


Find the equilibrium index of an array where the sum of elements at lower indexes is equal to the sum at higher indexes.
